    Announcement of the Management Board of Powszechna Kasa Oszczêdnoœci Bank Polski Spó³ka
                         Akcyjna on convening the Extraordinary General Meeting
Powszechna Kasa Oszczêdnoœci Bank Polski Spó³ka Akcyjna with its registered office in Warsaw,
ul. Pu³awska 15, 02-515 Warsaw, registered in the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court
Register by the District Court for the Capital City of Warsaw in Warsaw, 13th Commercial Division of the
National Court Register under No. KRS 0000026438; tax identification No. NIP: 525-000-77-38, with
a share capital (fully paid up) of PLN 1,250,000,000.
Date, hour and venue of the general meeting; detailed agenda
The Management Board of Powszechna Kasa Oszczêdnoœci Bank Polski Spó³ka Akcyjna (“PKO Bank
Polski S.A.” or the “Bank”) acting pursuant to Article 399 § 1 in conjunction with Article 398 of the
Commercial Companies Code, hereby convenes the Extraordinary General Meeting of PKO Bank Polski
S.A. to be held on 23 April 2021 at 10:00 hours in Warsaw at ul. Pu³awska 15 (“Extraordinary General
Meeting”) with the following agenda:
      1) opening the Extraordinary General Meeting,
      2) electing the Chairman of the Extraordinary General Meeting,
      3) acknowledging that the Extraordinary General Meeting has been correctly convened and has the
         authority to adopt binding resolutions,
      4) adopting the agenda,
      5) adopting the resolution on (i) establishing a special fund to cover the specific balance sheet
         losses that arise from recognizing the financial effects of the settlements with consumers who
         concluded loan agreements or mortgage-secured loans indexed to foreign currencies or
         denominated in foreign currencies with the Bank, and separating part of funds accumulated in
         the supplementary capital and transferring it to the special fund, (ii) obliging the Bank’s
         Management Board to submit the terms of settlements, including the terms of debt relief, to the
         Supervisory Board for approval,
      6) adopting the resolution on granting consent to the Bank for the acquisition of its own shares
         and defining the rules of such acquisition, creating reserve capital (fund) intended for the
         acquisition of own shares, separating part of funds accumulated in the supplementary capital
         and transferring it to the reserve capital (fund) intended for the acquisition of own shares,
      7) closing the meeting.
Shareholders’ right to request that certain matters be placed on the agenda of the Extraordinary
General Meeting
A shareholder or shareholders representing no less than one-twentieth of the share capital of the Bank
may request adding new items to the agenda of the Extraordinary General Meeting.
                                                                                                       1

Such requests should be submitted to the Management Board of the Bank no later than 21 (twenty one)
days prior to the scheduled date of the meeting.
The request should be delivered with the draft resolution concerning an indicated point of the agenda with
its justification. Failing such justification to the request, the Management Board requests the shareholder
or shareholders to present the justification to the proposed resolution.
The requests may be submitted in writing (that is delivered personally, upon confirmation of receipt, or
sent to the Bank with a confirmation of dispatch and confirmation of receipt requested) to the following
address: Powszechna Kasa Oszczêdnoœci Bank Polski Spó³ka Akcyjna with its registered office in Warsaw,
ul. Pu³awska 15, 02-515 Warsaw (with the note “Investor Relation Office”), or by electronic mail to the
e-mail address wza@pkobp.pl. The proof that the above-mentioned request was submitted in due time will
be the date of its receipt by the Bank or, if sent by e-mail, on the date of delivery of the relevant e-mail to
the Bank’s electronic mail system (e-mail server). The requests should be made on duly completed and
signed forms downloaded from the Bank’s web page. If a request is to be sent by e-mail, the form and all
attached documents should be attached to the e-mail in the PDF format.
A shareholder or shareholders who request adding items to the agenda of the meeting should deliver,
together with the request, documents confirming their identity and the authority to request adding items
to the agenda of the Extraordinary General Meeting, in particular:
      1) a deposit certificate or a certificate of right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting
           issued by an entity keeping a securities account pursuant to the regulations on trading in
           financial instruments, confirming that the certificate holder is a shareholder of the Bank and on
           the date of making the request he holds an adequate number of shares,
      2) in case of a shareholder other than a natural person – a current extract from the relevant register
           or other documents confirming the authorization to represent the shareholder.
The obligation to attach the above-mentioned documents concerns the shareholders making requests
either in writing or by e-mail. The documents should be attached in a form appropriate for the form of the
request (as hard copies or scans converted to PDF).
If it is a proxy acting on behalf of a shareholder or shareholders who submits a request for placement of
certain matters on the meeting agenda, then along with that request, the proxy is required to present in
the manner specified above documents confirming his/her authorisation to act on behalf of the
shareholder or shareholders.
The Bank may take such actions as will be necessary to identify the shareholder or shareholders and
verify the validity of the shareholder’s or shareholders’ right to above-mentioned request.
                                                                                                              2

The Management Board of the Bank shall promptly, and in no event later than eighteen days prior to the
scheduled date of the Extraordinary General Meeting, announce changes to the agenda implemented at
the request of a shareholder or shareholders. The new amended agenda will be published on the Bank’s
web site www.pkobp.pl/investor-relations.
Shareholders’ right to submit draft resolutions
Before the date of the Extraordinary General Meeting a shareholder or shareholders representing no less
than one-twentieth of the share capital of the Bank may submit to the Bank in writing (that is deliver
personally, upon confirmation of receipt, or send to the Bank with a confirmation of dispatch and
confirmation of receipt requested) to the following address: PKO Bank Polski S.A., ul. Pu³awska 15, 02-515
Warsaw (with the note “Investor Relation Office”), or by electronic mail to the e-mail address
wza@pkobp.pl draft resolutions concerning any items on the agenda of the Extraordinary General
Meeting, or matters that are to be added to the agenda.
The draft resolution should be presented with its justification. Failing such justification to the resolution,
the Management Board or the Chairman of the General Meeting requests the shareholder or
shareholders to present the justification to the proposed resolution.
The submitted draft resolutions should be made on duly completed and signed forms downloaded from
the Bank’s web page. If a submission is to be made by e-mail, the form and all attached documents
should be attached to the e-mail in the PDF format.
A shareholder or shareholders who submit draft resolutions should deliver, together with the request,
documents confirming their identity and the authority to submit draft resolutions, in particular:
      1) a deposit certificate or a certificate of right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting
          issued by an entity keeping a securities account pursuant to the regulations on trading in
          financial instruments, confirming that the certificate holder is a shareholder of the Bank and on
          the date of making the request he holds an adequate number of shares,
      2) in case of a shareholder other than a natural person – a current extract from the relevant register
          or other documents confirming the authorization to represent the shareholder.
The obligation to attach the above-mentioned documents concerns the shareholders making requests
either in writing or by e-mail. The documents should be attached in a form appropriate for the form of the
request (as hard copies or scans converted to PDF).
If it is a proxy acting on behalf of a shareholder or shareholders who submits a draft resolution, then
along with that submission, the proxy is required to present in the manner specified above documents
                                                                                                             3

confirming his/her authorisation to act on behalf of the shareholder or shareholders. The Bank may take
such actions as will be necessary to identify the shareholder or shareholders and verify the validity of the
shareholder’s or shareholders’ right to submit the projects of the resolutions.
Additionally, during the Extraordinary General Meeting itself each shareholder may propose draft
resolutions concerning the matters on the agenda of the meeting.
The draft resolution concerning the calling of a brake in the Extraordinary General Meeting proceedings
should clearly determine the date for resuming the meeting. The reason of such a break should be
specified in the justification to the resolution on calling a break, developed in accordance with the
grounds put forward by a shareholder requesting a break.
The manner of voting by proxy
A shareholder may participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise their right to vote in
person or by proxy.
Proxy powers to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and to exercise the right to vote must
be conferred in writing or the electronic form.
Proxy powers conferred in writing or the electronic form should include: precise identification of the proxy
and principal (specification of a given name and surname, the series and number of an identification card
or a passport, the PESEL number – in respect of natural persons; and the firm (name), the registered office
and the number of KRS or of another register – in respect of legal persons or other organisational units);
the date of granting of the power of attorney and specification of its scope, and of the date of general
meeting at which the proxy would be exercised; and specification whether the power of attorney is valid
only on the opening date of the Extraordinary General Meeting or until its actual closing.
Proxy powers conferred in writing:
If the shareholder confers the proxy powers in writing, the proxy holder is required to do the following at
the preparation of the attendance list of the persons authorised to participate in the Extraordinary
General Meeting:
     1) to submit the original copy of the power of attorney (or a set of the power of attorney
         documents) or a copy of the power of attorney notarised or officially certified, or its transcript
         prepared in compliance with applicable law; for the purpose of appending to the minutes,
     2) to present a document that enables identification of the proxy holder.
                                                                                                           4

The shareholder proxies who are not natural persons should additionally submit copies of documents
which demonstrate the authorisation of the persons conferring the power of attorney to act on behalf of
a shareholder, while at the same time presenting the original documents. The persons conferring the
power of attorney should appear in the current or full excerpt from the relevant shareholder registry, from
which the authorisation to act on behalf of the shareholder on the date of granting the power of attorney
will follow.
If any of the documents demonstrating the authority to act on behalf of a shareholder is prepared in
a language other than Polish, such a document must have appended to it its translation into the Polish
language prepared by a certified translator.
Proxy powers conferred in the electronic form:
Proxy powers conferred in the electronic form do not require a secure electronic signature verified with
a valid qualified certificate.
The Bank must be notified of the proxy powers conferred in the electronic form through employment of
electronic communication means in the form of information sent to e-mail address of wza@pkobp.pl,
while making every effort to enable effective verification of the power of attorney validity.
The information on the conferring of the power of attorney should include the content of such granted
power of attorney. The power of attorney in the electronic form that incorporates the elements specified
above may also be prepared in writing and sent to the indicated e-mail address in the PDF format.
Moreover, the notification on conferring the power of attorney should specify the telephone numbers and
e-mail addresses of the shareholder and of their proxy, which the Bank can use to contact the
shareholder and their proxy.
Together with the notification on the conferring of the power of attorney in the electronic form, the
shareholder who is not a natural person will send the following in the PDF format the scan of an excerpt
from the relevant register in which the principal is registered.
The persons conferring the power of attorney on behalf of a shareholder who is not a natural person
should appear in the current or full excerpt from the relevant shareholder registry, from which the
authorisation to act on behalf of the shareholder on the date of granting the power of attorney would
follow.
                                                                                                           5

If any of the sent documents demonstrating the capacity to act on behalf of a shareholder is prepared in
a language other than Polish, such a document much be complemented with a scan of its translation into
the Polish language prepared by a certified translator.
If the shareholder confers the proxy powers in the electronic form, the proxy holder is required, at the
preparation of the attendance list of the persons authorised to participate in the Extraordinary General
Meeting, to present a document that enables identification of the proxy holder.
The Bank will take appropriate action for the purpose of identifying a shareholder and a proxy in order to
verify the validity of the powers of attorney granted in the electronic form. Such a verification may involve
in particular a response question in the electronic or telephone call form addressed to the shareholder or
proxy with the aim of confirming the fact of the power of attorney being granted and its scope. In case of
any doubt, the Bank may undertake further actions with the aim of verifying the validity of the powers of
attorney granted in the electronic form and the identity of the shareholder and proxy. The Bank will deem
the failure to provide a response to a question asked in the course of the verification process as a case of
failure to verify the power of attorney, which will constitute grounds for the refusal of admission of
a proxy to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting.
In the case of any emerging doubts about the empowerment of a person to act on behalf of
a shareholder, the Management Board of the Bank reserves the right to demand the presentation, at the
preparation of the attendance list of the persons authorised to participate in the Extraordinary General
Meeting, of the original documents which corroborate the empowerment of a given person to act on their
behalf.
A Bank Management Board member or an employee of the Bank may be proxies of a shareholder at the
Extraordinary General Meeting.
If a proxy at the Extraordinary General Meeting is a Bank Management Board member, a member of the
Supervisory Board of the Bank, employee or an employee of the Bank’s subsidiary or a member of any of
its governing bodies, that person’s power of attorney may confer on them the power to represent limited
to only one general meeting. Such a proxy is obliged to disclose to the shareholder any circumstances
indicative of the presence of the possibility of occurrence of a conflict of interest. The Bank will be barred
from granting any subsequent power of attorney in such a case. Such a proxy shall vote in accordance
with the instructions provided by the shareholder.
The forms required while seeking to execute the right to vote via a proxy are available through the Bank’s
website of www.pkobp.pl/investor-relations.
                                                                                                             6

Participation in the Extraordinary General Meeting through electronic means of communication
The Bank does not offer the possibility to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting through
electronic means of communication.
The Bank will ensure publicly available real-time broadcast of the Extraordinary General Meeting via
Bank’s website – www.pkobp.pl/investor-relations.
Taking floor at the Extraordinary General Meeting through electronic means of communication
The Bank does not offer the possibility to take floor at the Extraordinary General Meeting through
electronic means of communication.
Voting by mail or electronic means of communication
The Bank does not offer the possibility to vote using mail or electronic means of communication.
The shareholder's right to ask questions regarding matters on the agenda of the general meeting
During the Extraordinary General Meeting, each shareholder has the right to ask questions regarding the
matters on the agenda of the Extraordinary General Meeting.
The procedure for asking questions and answering them is specified in the Regulations of the General
Meeting of PKO Bank Polski S.A., available on the Bank's website www.pkobp.pl/investor-relations.
Date of registration of attendance at the Extraordinary General Meeting
The date of registration of attendance at the Extraordinary General Meeting is 7 April 2021 (the “Record
Date”).
The right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting
Only the persons who are shareholders of the Bank on the Record Date (i.e. sixteen days before the date
of the Extraordinary General Meeting) have the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting.
Lienors and users of shares who are entitled to vote have the right to participate in the Extraordinary
General Meeting if the establishment of a limited right in rem for them is registered in the securities
account on the date of registration of participation in the Extraordinary General Meeting.
                                                                                                          7

At the request of a holder of Bank’s shares and a lienor or a user of shares with the right to vote,
submitted not earlier than after the publication of the notification on convening the Extraordinary General
Meeting and not later than on the first business day following the Record Date, that is not later than on 8
April 2021, the entity keeping the securities account shall issue a registered certificate confirming the
right to participate in the general meeting.
The Bank points out that the Extraordinary General Meeting can only be attended by the persons who:
     1) were shareholders of the Bank on the Record Date, that is on 7 April 2021;
        and
     2) not earlier than after the publication of the notification on convening the Extraordinary General
         Meeting and not later than on the 8 April 2021, requested the entity keeping the securities
         account to issue a registered certificate confirming the right to participate in the general meeting.
The Bank determines the list of shareholders entitled to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting
only on the basis of the list submitted to the Bank by the National Depository for Securities, drawn up on
the basis of name certificates on the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting, issued by
entities maintaining securities accounts.
A list of the shareholders authorised to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting will be made
available at the premises of the Management Board of the Bank at ul. Pu³awska 15, 02-515 Warsaw,
between 10:00 and 14:00 hours for three business days preceding the date of the General Meeting, that
are 20-22 April 2021.
A shareholder of the Bank may request that a list of the shareholders authorised to participate in the
Extraordinary General Meeting be sent to him free of charge by e-mail, stating the e-mail address to
which the list should be sent.
In demanding that the list of shareholders be made available at the premises of the Bank or sent by
e-mail, the demanding shareholder should identify himself and authenticate his status as a shareholder of
the Bank. This can be achieved by presenting the certificate confirming the right to participate in the
Extraordinary General Meeting or the deposit certificate.
The shareholders and shareholders' proxies coming to the Extraordinary General Meeting, when signing
the attendance list, should present their identity card, passport or another document allowing to verify
their identity.
The persons authorised to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting are requested to register and
collect voting cards or devices immediately before the meeting room, one hour before the commencement
of the meeting.
                                                                                                             8

Access to documents
The draft resolutions of the Extraordinary General Meeting with justifications and the opinion of the
Supervisory Board of the Bank given according to the Bank’s Articles of Association, as well as the full
text of documents to be presented to the Extraordinary General Meeting will be published on a Bank’s
web site at such time as will make it possible to read and evaluate these documents.
Draft resolutions submitted in compliance with the Commercial Companies Code by the duly authorised
shareholder or shareholders prior to the date of the Extraordinary General Meeting will be published by
the Bank on its web site promptly upon receiving them.
If no resolutions are proposed to be adopted, comments of the Management Board of the Bank or the
Supervisory Board of the Bank concerning the items on the agenda of the Extraordinary General Meeting,
or the matters that are to be added to the agenda prior to the date of the Extraordinary General Meeting,
will be made available on the Bank’s web site promptly upon their completion.
Information    regarding   the  Extraordinary     General   Meeting    is  available on   the  web   site
www.pkobp.pl/investor-relations.
                                                                                                        9

Information concerning the processing of the personal data of shareholders and shareholders’ proxies
On the basis of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016
on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free
movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC, hereinafter called the “Regulation”, we hereby
inform you that:
    1.   Data administrator
The administrator of shareholder’s or proxy’s personal data is Powszechna Kasa Oszczêdnoœci Bank
Polski Spó³ka Akcyjna, with its registered office in Warsaw, address: ul. Pu³awska 15, 02-515 Warsaw,
registered with the District Court for the Capital City of Warsaw in Warsaw, 13th Business Department of
the National Court Register, with the reference number KRS 0000026438, NIP: 525-000-77-38, REGON:
016298263, share capital (capital paid up)        PLN 1 250 000 000, call centre: 800 302 302, hereinafter
called the “Bank”.
    2.   Data Protection Inspector (IOD)
At the Bank, a Data Protection Inspector has been appointed. Address: Data Protection Inspector,
ul. Pu³awska 15, 02-515 Warsaw, e-mail address: iod@pkobp.pl. Data concerning the Data Protection
Inspector is available on the Bank’s website, in the tab “RODO”.
    3.   Categories of personal data
The Bank processes the following categories of shareholder’s or proxy’s personal data: identification data,
address, contact details and the image.
    4.   Purpose of data processing and the legal basis
Shareholder’s or proxy’s personal data may be processed for the following purposes:
1) organizing the General Meeting and enabling the entitled persons to exercise their voting rights at the
     Meeting on the basis of Article 6.1c of the Regulation;
2) recording and broadcasting the General Meeting on the basis of Article 6.1f of the Regulation as part
     of promoting the transparency of the Bank’s operations and equal access to decisions and
     discussions at the General Meeting.
    5.   Provision of personal data
The Bank may provide shareholder’s or proxy’s personal data to:
 1) other shareholders in case of Bank’s shareholder on the basis of Article 407 § 1 and § 11 of the
      Commercial Companies Code;
 2) an entity which processes personal data at the Bank’s request and operates the voting process at
      the General Meeting.
Shareholder’s or proxy’s personal data in the form of an image, recorded during the General Meeting, will
be made available as part of real-time broadcasting and the publication of the recording on the Bank’s
website.
                                                                                                         10

    6.   Storage period of personal data
Shareholder’s or proxy’s personal data will be stored for a period of six years from the date of being
received or recorded by the Bank.
    7.   Your rights
In connection with the processing of shareholder’s or proxy’s data by the Bank, shareholder or proxy
shall have the following rights:
   1.     the right to access personal data;
   2.     the right to have personal data corrected;
   3.     the right to have personal data erased (the right to be forgotten);
   4.     the right to restriction of processing of personal data;
   5.     the right to object to the processing of personal data;
   6.     the right to lodge a complaint with the President of the Personal Data Protection Office in case of
          consideration that the processing of shareholder’s or proxy’s personal data infringes the
          provisions of Regulation.
    8.   Data source
Personal data may originate from:
      1) the system of Krajowy Depozyt Papierów Wartoœciowych S.A. (Central Securities Depository of
          Poland) in case the Bank’s shareholder;
      2) the principal in the case of authorization of a shareholder’s proxy.
    9.   Requirement to provide data
The provision of shareholder’s or proxy’s personal data is necessary for the purpose specified in point 4
above, for the preparation and submission to a shareholder for her/his request, a list of people entitled to
participate in the Bank’s General Meeting and the verification of a person’s right to participate in the
General Meeting.
    10. Automated decision-making, including profiling
Shareholder’s or proxy’s personal data will not be processed by automated means, including profiling.
                                                                                                           11

